Sanchitgarg/audio sensor (#1646)
facebookresearch/habitat-sim: docs/AUDIO.md

| globalVolume | float | 4.f | Total initial pressure value |
| indirectRayCount | int | 5000 | Number of indirect rays that the ray tracer will use |
| indirectRayDepth | int | 200 | Depth of each indirect ray that the ray tracer will use |
| sourceRayCount | int | 200 |  Number of direct rays that the ray tracer will use |
| sourceRayDepth | int | 10 |  Depth of each direct ray that the ray tracer will use |
| maxDiffractionOrder | int | 10 | todo sagnarg : Talk to Carl |
| direct | bool | true | Enable contribution from the direct rays |
| indirect | bool | true | Enable contribution from the indirect rays |
| diffraction | bool | true | Enable diffraction for the simulation |
| transmission | bool | false | Enable transmission of rays |
| meshSimplification | bool | false | Simplify mesh before running the audio simulation. todo sangarg : Add which simplification algo is used|
| temporalCoherence | bool | false | todo sangarg : Talk to Carl |
| dumpWaveFiles | bool | false | Write the wave files for different bands. Will be writted to the AudioSensorSpec's outputDirectory |
| enableMaterials | bool | true | Enable audio materials |

> | writeIrToFile | bool | false | Write the final impulse response to a file |

Reviewer: Also the AudioSensorSpec's outputDirectory?

### - Channel layout

This section talks about the channel layout struct. The channel layout defines what the output will look like.

|Config name|Data Type|Default Value|Usage|
|-----------|---------|-------------|-----|
| channelType | enum | [RLRAudioPropagationChannelLayoutType](#RLRAudioPropagationChannelLayoutType).Binaural | Channel type for the simulated audio |
| channelCount | int |  2 | Number of output channels in simulated audio |

- ##### RLRAudioPropagationChannelLayoutType

> 
> Lets look at the available values for RLRAudioPropagationChannelLayoutType

Reviewer: Maybe just jump straight to the struct or add a high level blurb about this layout struct's purpose to add understanding?
```suggestion
```

|Enum|Usage|
|-----------|---------|
Unknown | Unknown channel layout type |
Mono | Monaural channel layout that does not have any spatial information. This layout usually has 1 channel |
Stereo | Channel layout with 2 channels (e.g. speakers) that does not use any HRTF |
Binaural | Channel layout with 2 channels that spatializes audio using an HRTF |
Quad | Channel layout with 4 channels (speakers) arranged at +-30 and +-95 degrees in the horizontal plane |
Surround_5_1 | Channel layout with 6 channels (speakers) arranged at 0, +-30, and +-110 degrees in the horizontal plane, with unpositioned low frequency channel |
Surround_7_1 | Channel layout with 8 channels (speakers) arranged at 0, +-30, +-90, and +-135 degrees in the horizontal plane, with unpositioned low frequency channel |
Ambisonics | Channel layout that encodes fully spherical spatial audio as a set of spherical harmonic basis function coefficients |

### - Audio sensor specs

|Config name|Data Type|Default Value|Usage|
|-----------|---------|-------------|-----|

> |uuid|string|""|uuid to identify the sensor object|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|uuid|string|""|Unique identifier string to name and refer to this sensor object|
```

| outputDirectory | string | "" | Output directory prefix for the simulation. Folders with outputDirectory + i should be created if you want to dump the wave files. (i = 0 indexed simulation iteration |
| acousticsConfig | [RLRAudioPropagationConfiguration()](#acoustics-configuration) |  Defined in the relevant section | Acoustic configuration struct that defines simulation parameters |
| channelLayout | [RLRAudioPropagationChannelLayout()](#channel-layout) |  Defined in the relevant section | Channel layout for simulated output audio |

### - APIs

> The audio sensor is build in C++ and exposed on pythom via py-bindings. Import the following to get access to the audio sensor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The audio sensor is implemented in C++ and exposed to python via pybind11. Import the following to get access to the audio sensor:
```

|python imports|
|------|
|import habitat_sim|
|import habitat_sim._ext.habitat_sim_bindings as hsim_bindings|
|import habitat_sim.sensor|
|import habitat_sim.sim|

The various structs and enums can be accessed as part of the hsim_bindings.

|struct/enum in hsim_bindings|notes|
|------|-----|
|hsim_bindings.RLRAudioPropagationConfiguration() | acoustic configs struct |
|hsim_bindings.RLRAudioPropagationChannelLayout() | channel layout struct |
|hsim_bindings.RLRAudioPropagationChannelLayoutType.Binaural | channel type enum |

The acoustic sensor spec is part of habitat_sim

|struct/enum in habitat_sim|notes|
|------|-----|
|habitat_sim.AudioSensorSpec() | acoustic sensor spec |

> To call apis on the audio sensor, get access to the audio sensor object using the uuid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To call APIs on the audio sensor, get access to the audio sensor object using the uuid.
```

> |apis for audio_sensor|notes|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|APIs for audio_sensor|notes|
```

|------|-----|
|audio_sensor = sim.get_agent(0)._sensors["audio_sensor"]| get the audio sensor object from the habitat sim object|
| audio_sensor.setAudioSourceTransform(np.array([x, y, z])) | set the audio source location where x,y,z are floats|

> |audio_sensor.reset() | User can reset the simulation object and start fresh. This is same as deleting the audio sensor.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|audio_sensor.reset() | Reset the simulation object to restart from a fresh context. This is the same as deleting the audio sensor and re-creating it.|
```

> Relevant apis on the sim object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relevant APIs on the Simulator object
```

> |apis for the habitat sim object|notes|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|APIs for the Habitat Simulator object|notes|
```

|------|-----|
| sim.add_sensor(audio_sensor_spec)| Add the audio sensor. This is similar to adding any other sensors|
|obs = sim.get_sensor_observations()["audio_sensor"]|Get the impulse response. obs is a n-d array where n = channel count|

### - Steps to run audio simulation in python

> Please see the [audio_agent.py](https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-sim/tree/main/examples/tutorials/audio_agent.py) for a sample script on how to use the python audio sensor. Follow the steps and refer to the python script for the code.

Reviewer: Suggestion, not urgent: maybe this should be an interactive Colab tutorial we link to? Each cell could have the code and tutorial text embedded.
```suggestion
Please see the [audio_agent.py](https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-sim/tree/main/examples/tutorials/audio_agent.py) for an example of how to use the python audio sensor. Follow these steps and refer to the python script for the code.
```

Author: Ack, ill work with you to get add it to the Colab tutorial
